doc: add glossary.md (#27517)
nodejs/node: glossary.md

You may also need to check https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromiumos/docs/+/master/glossary.md.

* LGTM: "Looks good to me", commonly used to approve a code review.

> * PTAL: please take a look.

Reviewer: * PTAL: "Please take a look".

> * RSLGTM: "Rubber-stamp looks good to me". The reviewer approving without doing a full code review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* RSLGTM: "Rubber-stamp looks good to me". The reviewer approving without doing
  a full code review.
```

> * RSLGTM: "Rubber stamp looks good to me", used when the reviewer is merely granting OWNERS approval without doing a proper code review.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* RSLGTM: "Rubber stamp looks good to me", used when the reviewer is merely granting OWNERS approval without doing a full code review.
```

Reviewer 3: I like James's suggestions and would extend it a bit further:

```suggestion
* RSLGTM: "Rubber-stamp looks good to me". The reviewer approving without doing a full code review.
```

> * TSC: Technical Steering Committee. Detailed info see [TSC](./GOVERNANCE.md#technical-steering-committee).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TSC: Technical Steering Committee. Detailed info see
  [TSC](./GOVERNANCE.md#technical-steering-committee).
```

> * WIP: "Work In Progress" - e.g. a patch that's not finished, but may be worth an early look

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* WIP: "Work In Progress" - e.g. a patch that's not finished, but may be worth
  an early look.
```

* WPT: [web-platform-tests](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/wpt)

> * godbolt: [Compiler Explorer](https://godbolt.org/) run compilers interactively from your web browser and interact with the assembly. Was created by and is primarily administrated by Matt Godbolt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* godbolt: [Compiler Explorer](https://godbolt.org/) run compilers interactively
  from your web browser and interact with the assembly. Was created by and is
  primarily administrated by Matt Godbolt.
```

> * primordials: pristine built-ins that are not effected by prototype pollution and tampering with built-ins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* primordials: Pristine built-ins that are not effected by prototype pollution
  and tampering with built-ins.
```

> You may also need to check https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromiumos/docs/+/master/glossary.md.

Reviewer 4: Nit: shouldn't this go at the bottom of the file, as it's meant to be an addition to this file based in the text?

* LGTM: "Looks good to me", commonly used to approve a code review.
* PTAL: Please take a look.
* RSLGTM: "Rubber-stamp looks good to me". The reviewer approving without doing
  a full code review.

> * TSC: Technical Steering Committee. Detailed info see

Reviewer 4: Nit:
```suggestion
* TSC: Technical Steering Committee. Detailed info can be found here
```
Or
```suggestion
* TSC: Technical Steering Committee. For detailed info see
```

  [TSC](./GOVERNANCE.md#technical-steering-committee).
* WIP: "Work In Progress" - e.g. a patch that's not finished, but may be worth
  an early look.
* WPT: [web-platform-tests](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/wpt)

> * godbolt: [Compiler Explorer](https://godbolt.org/) run compilers interactively

Reviewer 4: Nit:
```suggestion
* godbolt: [Compiler Explorer](https://godbolt.org/) allows to run compilers interactively
```

You may also need to check https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromiumos/docs/+/master/glossary.md.

* LGTM: "Looks good to me", commonly used to approve a code review.
* RSLGTM: "Rubber stamp looks good to me", used when the reviewer is merely granting OWNERS approval without doing a proper code review.
* WIP: "Work In Progress" - e.g. a patch that's not finished, but may be worth an early look
* WPT: [web-platform-tests](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/wpt)

> * godbolt: [Compiler Explorer](https://godbolt.org/) was created by and is primarily administrated by Matt Godbolt.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if the information about the author is necessary. I would rather have more information about the tools capability.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* godbolt: [Compiler Explorer](https://godbolt.org/) run compilers interactively from your web browser and interact with the assembly. Was created by and is primarily administrated by Matt Godbolt.
```

Author: Thanks, updated.
